
                                                           Model_based methods

Model-free methods need lots of data samples to achieve good performance. In order to improve sample efficiency, one approach is model-based RL. It improves sample efficiency by learning a world model (typically a transition model $p(s'\mid s,a)$ and optionally a reward model), which is then used to simulate trajectories. To be specific, the trajectories used to train the world model are collected under the current policy. After more real trajectories are collected and added to the replay buffer,we use the learned world model for planning. We can do planning via dynamic programming, or some model-free policy learning methods. Given from the textbook, the sample complexity of learning the dynamics is less than the sample complexity of learning the policy we will try to show it later in practise.

This approach has the usual problem when doing prediction on out-of-distribution state-action pairs. To be specific, the trajectories given under current policy might end up wondering around section A in the space and learning is happening in section A, so when the planning decides to go out of section A, then the world model is unreliable since no data is given for that scenario. The intuitive way to solve it is to interleave the model learning and policy learning. In each iteration, we first do model learning given the current policy and then use the world model to improve the policy.

In coming two paragraphs, we talk about the two main ways to perform MBRL. One uses decision-time planning, while the other performs policy learning (background planning) using imagined trajectories. Decision-Time Planning and Policy Learning are two different ways to utilize the learned world model. Decision-time planning performs multiple simulations at every decision step before executing one action. Each rollout updates the estimated action values $Q(s,a)$ along the visited search path. Then it selects the action with the highest estimated value (or lowest cost). Decision-time planning can be interpreted as an online policy improvement procedure: instead of learning a global action-value function offline, it estimates the action values of the current state through online search and then acts greedily with respect to those estimates. The downside is that it is time-consuming, as it requires multiple rollouts at every decision step.
